enhanced documentation on adyen deployment on cloud infrastructure (#490)
commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration: notification/docs/IntegrationGuide.md

> Note: HMAC verification is enabled by default. You could use "ADYEN_ENABLE_HMAC_SIGNATURE=false" environment variable to disable the verification feature.

## Step 2: Deploy the notification module

> In order to make the extension module up and running, follow our [deployment guide](docs/HowToRun.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to make the extension module up and running, follow our [how to run guide](docs/HowToRun.md).
```

Author: 794295beb59939654119977d146e51ab356019a4
